[paperless] New chart (#252)
k8s-at-home/charts: charts/paperless/README.md

# Paperless

This is a helm chart for [Paperless](https://github.com/the-paperless-project/paperless). The documentation can be found here [here](https://paperless.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).

> **Please note this chart is not maintained by the Paperless project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This chart is not maintained by the upstream project and any issues with the chart should be raised [here](https://github.com/k8s-at-home/charts/issues/new/choose)**
```
